What do you want me to be?
Little Beauty Divorced Company Recruitment Secretary
You go for an interview
Be my eyeliner fan
I don't want to be good at that crap
Little beauty, do it well
I'll buy you a diamond ring that stretches all the time
I don't want a diamond ring
I'll let you take a certain identity in my department
Let me be your Mrs. Xu
OK
It's ok.
I want you to take care of it.
You have famous brands all over your body
Worth hundreds of thousands
You came to me for an interview
I don't pay a lot of money.
Let go can you hurt me
Who sent you?
Xu family
What Xu family
Royal let go let go
If you don't let go, I'll help you
Yi Ge
You're too nervous.
He has nothing to do with our Xu family.